Yeah.
So welcome.
And now what we noticed is that, okay, this is kind of a prefix some of the next true hey, so let
me write it in the OneNote section.
So what, what's happening here is if it is less and the sign is less, then then we are getting a summation
from the equals to one and it is going then e and we are having d b I plus one comma.
Explosion minus one.
Like the letter Jay-Z goes to.
Let's expand this.
This is equal to the P5 plus one Gamma.
If Jay-Z goes to one, then it is eight.
If Jay-Z goes through to two, then it is to be eight plus one.
Comma S plus one.
If b i plus one comma x plus two.
Plus.
So until in the end they will be equal to G, then it will be equal to DPA plus one comma S plus G minus
one.
So here you can see, guys, this is a prefix.
Some of the next to the I plus one, the true right.
So if I have the I plus one, not true.
That means instead of having the summation, instead of having this formula, what I can do is I can
directly take this on from.
S starting from the asset column and going as far as the minus one column.
I hope this makes sense to you.
It's very similar to the Kennedys problem in Kennedys.
What we were doing is we were trying the bottom up approach in which instead of a blitz when we had
8 minutes when we were looking at the previous Robert in this we are looking at the forward row because
that's how the revolution has been written.
It's not a big issue that can be thought.
Or what we can do is we can apply this top down approach.
In a bottom of manner by reversing the arrows.
They'd begin to start from the end by filling the end through.
Well.
And if the.
String is greater than let's talk about greater than if the spring is greater than the previous string.
That means BPA is equal to a b i gamma as is equal to summation of the b i plus one.
And it is D-minus when the G will go from fine to as well.
This is equal to how much DPA plus one if data goes to 1220 plus GPA plus.
To Dubai plus one comma.
If Jay-Z goes to two, then it gives me one and so on.
And here you will see when Daisy goes to as it becomes eight plus one, comma, s minus.
Once again, guys, it's a pretty big sell you one, two, three and so on the list minus the.
Right.
Felix Implement this in the bottom of manner and I'll do it in the same code because I love receiving
the same code.
Let me comment this out.
This is the bottom up answer, and let's.
Also come in this out.
Now let's make a deep.
And this dip will be the bottom up approach and will be a bit like filling this dip by using the prefix.
I mean, this, this part that we have obtained Will.
Well, let's have our dip off and cross in.
So instead of so this is 20 vertical 38.
This should not be 25.
It should be.
I just going to try to explain it.
It should not be difficult to ask.
Okay.
It is one rotation.
It is 3000.
So let's make it 3005.
So that when you're running your own face, any difficulties?
Well, now let's have a debate table called.
3005 cross.
But instead of that, let's have endless fun because and is, you know, what is in it.
So what was a basic is.
So now you will realize that how how can you convert a top down approach into a bottom up approach in
a very simple, simple manner.
So here what we were doing is if I is it goes to ended in one of these tell me if I is equal to in that
means I'm on the I feel all the digits I feel all the places from zero to n minus one.
Now I is on the end.
It's part that means how many memories smaller than that, how many numbers are actually left in this
at zero zero?
Not a much smaller zero number greater.
That means if I is equal to N at any point of time, that means I filled all the places from and all
the places from zero to n minus one.
All the numbers I used, and now I have zero numbers left.
If I have zero no most left.
What does it mean?
That d b engagement zero is equal to one rate VI because if I is equals two and we are running one more,
does it mean that they be in Obama's vice zero?
Because zero represents as a we are not having a special guest for us because we know if I is equal
to in as is equal to zero, it has to be equal to zero because there are no elements left in the setup.
Bill we have found when they will be and Gomez zero is equal to one.
That means.
What you can do is you can fill the ED also with one, but you don't need to because we will never be
utilizing even one or two because there are no such states.
DP and why not DP and dual DP entry.
They are only one state which is DP in zero eight because no elements are left.
Now let's start from n minus one and let's go to zero and let's fill all the locations.
Because what we were doing is we were asking for DP one and I minus one.
So we'll do the same.
Let's copy this and let's paste this.
And also, let's have a variable, Kalonzo.
Well.
And also, let's remember.
DP so that we don't.
Yet.
Any garbage values?
With zeros.
Sometimes there to be zero sales of D, B and three zero initially hit as it is equalled on which ab1
of ordered was deep bungoma human is a nighttime writing the same every one go minus.
Finally answer will be equal to this and we will see out answered.
I hope there's no problem with this.
I'm just kind of.
Exactly.
Converting the top down approach to the bottom up approach.
And why am I going in the reverse order, guys?
Why am I going in the reverse order?
Because the end it's always for.
Then I'll feel the end.
Plus one through the end, minus one through now and then in minus one or through is filled.
Where is the reconciliation rate so deep?
I.e. that means I get through.
Depends on I run it through.
If I fill and it through, then only I will be able to fill in minus one through.
If I pull and minus one through, then only I will be able to fill and manage to do it through.
I'm moving backwards, just like the top down approach.
Yes.
Well, let's fill the and minus one the true and.
Let's go for all the Jewish values.
Well.
I love this.
Deregulate again.
So what we have is I'm filling the end minus one or two to fill the end weakness.
When I want the prefix some of the I, I bless one or two.
If I is equal to and minus one, that means I want to pick some of the further rate.
So let's have the prefix on first.
So this starts from one day ago.
Still n g plus plus d, b, i plus one.
That means proving some of the plus one and true because guys, we we want this.
So what I would suggest is if you possibly don't like yourself, just use this relation to calculate
the bias.
You just want the prefix some of the next two.
Nothing else.
They.
So let's fight.
Let's make the five plus one a true as the prefix them would.
But I'm just not taking another valuable call some.
I'm just having prefix.
I'm in the DP edit only because.
It won't even matter because in the end I just want to be one.
And for that I won't be using the perfect sums full.
So yeah.
Now let's feel the values.
The cells of the air through the heart of the cells of the air I have is as starts from zero eight because
small can be zero and small can go.
Dylan.
So if I know if s is if there is some value of s, then I can have some value of g.
So what is the value of g?
We have already discussed it is equal to N, minus I, minus as well because there is just one special
case.
So that's the difference between bottom up and top laid that in bottom of we have to worry about the
negative indexes, right?
So it is quite possible that D goes less than zero Y because let's say I is equal to in minus one and
minus and minus one will be equal to one.
And let's say as is equal to five, one minus three, you give me minus four, which is not possible,
because if I is equal to in minus one, then I have only one element in my set left eight.
So s cannot be five.
The number of elements which are less cannot be five and eight.
So similarly.
So you draw a circle to validate it.
What I'll do is I simply say, if X is less than zero, but if is less than zero, I'll simply continue.
Then I won't be filling the Deep Values Office because that s is not.
Well, it will.
So if less than zero, if it is negative, the number of the numbers which are greater is negative,
which was not possible in the top down approach five because we were feeling we know what those numbers
were here.
We do not know what those numbers when we were trying to fill all the values of this.
We will start from zero and go state.
Of course, we can also find that out but this is an easy approach is find roads and take because as
is kind of positive which is true but if g goes negative, just ignore the ignore that is for that particular
either this is not valid.
Now what I need to do is I need to feel the deep values I need.
So let's copy this.
Only if string is less then.
String of AEW minus one is less than ten.
Something else, something right there it is less than what was the reconciliation we got.
Yeah we got this that you can't find this on from finding some of the plus one starting from is going
to last plus D minus one.
I hope this is correct.
I don't have a ticket against jay-z.
Will do when it is s okay.
And if Jay-Z was presented as pledging minus one light, it's correct.
So dp i s is equal to the bless one.
So I want a specific sound from S2 as to do minus four needs.
So what I do is its implicit as plus D minus one minus d b i plus one.
But this is pretty big.
Some need.
So I I've already taken the prefix some of the.
Next you, which is already filled.
I just want to listen from this to this.
So I'm taking this.
I'm telling him to break the some before this and whatever are well often that eight.
So it is minus debut of S minus one.
So here's another issue that we have that will face that if S is zero zero, it will give me minus one
eight s minus one, which will be a negative or negative, just not possible.
Let's make a case.
The rest is zero.
Give me zero.
Otherwise, give me this value, which is Captain.
You get the prediction.
Well, I hope there is no issue with this.
Let me put it in the next line.
This is all one operation, right?
Because I've already calculated the perfect sum of the next NDP.
So instead of having this volume, instead of having this omission, this for a loop, I'm just using
the prefix.
Some help for the victims.
Well, now let's fill.
DDP Iceman.
It is.
The sign is greater than the sign is greater than.
I have this sign.
What is the volume that I have?
I want the sum from zero to S minus one.
So what I do is I simply say it basically goes through TPA plus one, s minus one, because we are starting
from zero.
We don't have to subtract anything.
Cool.
So let's build this.
And.
Okay, so here you can see I'm getting something wrong.
Because we know that this was not the answer.
Or was it?
Let me check.
Let me check for the smaller guys.
It's good for food.
And then we will see what.
It is happening.
Okay.
Sorry.
So I is going to zero, right?
I we just want the answer to be one, because if it goes still zero guys, that means the p zero will
be greater.
That's fine.
But they will be a perfect sum of the one that is already taken.
So that's why it is giving me a huge answer.
What I can do is instead of here, what I can do is I can say, deep zero.
And let's not do that.
Let's stick to this part, only that it is equal to DP one A-minus 18318 minus one.
And this gave little equals two one.
So again, see, we have got five.
No idea what was happening.
I was complaining to zero.
So for 20 000, it needs to call it needs to have the prefix.
I'm off by stroke.
If I ignore the prefix, I'm off road, that means I will have a wrong answer over there because that
is a bit of exam oblivion, not be.
Well.
So.
Yes.
Well, now what?
What?
We'll have till zero only not equal to zero foot bullets.
Jake for 20.
It was kind of similar to this.
Now there's only one thing left, which is the modular part.
Ladies, stand by.
Number seven.
I've already taken more.
Yes.
So let's.
To this day, BAIER asks.
Is.
Mort.
Buddy.
Well, whenever I use category, I'm digging mode.
Finally on.
Also, let's take mode.
And sometimes what happens when we subtract, then the values become negative in eight.
To avoid that, what we do is.
We'll just add more to the answer.
And will again be ignored.
But if it is okay, that part is already covered in the model, the automatic section in the Mets.
I am just adding more than building more again.
Let's bring this.
Well, I think I'm getting a correct answer.
But this was the top down approach.
But it wasn't an approach because answerable to the states and there was a for loop of in there to avoid
this for a loop.
What I did was we opted when we saw that there's a pattern called prefix em, prefix M is also deliberate.
So we use prefix some for the calculation of the current.
And we done the same exactly the same thing I used to do starts from San Diego still in and we are calculating
the Bible as Benjamin is one and that's what we have done over here.
And similarly, that's what we have done over here.
And the final answer is.
Unsurprising because through do so some of you might be worrying.
Some of you might have.
It's this issue that bottom up means starting from the zero, the index, the bottom of BP mean starting
from the zero, the index filling the first index, then the second index and so on.
No.
Eight.
We can also use the bottom up approach in the reverse order.
Fill the and row first according to whatever top down you have written, then fill the n minus one through
n minus two a through n200 zero.
You can do it.
Ed we hate for loop can start from zero and minus one would start from one and go to zero.
Depends on you always.
I hope you understood this problem was a very nice problem.
We started this problem by.
Realizing that only listing numbers are needed.
And then we took a side and then we saw that, okay, we actually don't need the numbers.
We just need the count of numbers that these are the smaller numbers in greater numbers.
Then after that, we saw that, okay, by using that set and using this negative relation, by placing
all the elements one by one, we'll get an and Q approach.
So we got an for approach and then I optimized.
I told you about the independent variables.
After that, we came to the and square states.
But.
And.
Q Approach of the top down.
DP Now, but if something is not possible and don't forget because we have to check whether they have
been calculated or not and so on.
So to use the previous one, we came to a bottom up approach and we formulated this table.
Eight.
This is it, guys.
Okay, let's admit this on it could.
I hope I hope this works.
Let me check, because I will speak.
And.
I think they should do it because it's a big test case and I'm getting a correct answer and it's sick.
Okay.
Sorry.
Bobby and.
And then Breslin.
Okay.
Based and led summit.
Okay, okay.
Okay.
So we got the correct answer.
100 milliseconds.
Not a big deal.
Cool.
So that's it.
And squared up for you.
But this particular problem.
So thank you, guys.
See in the next part.